Cristiano Ronaldo one of the world's
best wasn't they just amazing if I score
I get a bar bellissima oh it's you again
is it
yeah I thought you
[Music]
maybe strong
you are on the parents list of contacts
Christian is gonna be in your care until
things get back I'll cheer you up by
buying you a new pair of soccer shoes
[Music]
[Applause]
Chris I get the balls me hey Christian
tell me why you think I should put you
in I want to show my dad I'm looking for
something on sale or even free think I
know though lod looking but just give
him a try Christian have a go
[Music]
summer straighter guaranteed a place in
the finals I have to speak to you about
this kid I know he's got the magic mr.
president
you should take a look at this I have a
heartfelt story of a young American boy
who lost his dad that through sheer
determination this boy rose to his full
potential in order to get better you
must practice I will do everything in my
power to find his dad in the war
[Music]
this isn't a story to inspire a nation
but I don't know what I can't prove
anything else
hey I've seen you do magic
and now if you'll excuse me I've got a
soccer game to catch
[Music]